Add note to time constraint documentation (#1587)
gravwell/wiki: search/search.md

The example above uses RFC3339 timestamps to specify a concrete time range.

> If `start=` or `end=` is used individually, the omitted constraint will be interpreted as NOW. For example, to simply search over the last hour:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `start=` or `end=` is used individually, the omitted constraint will be interpreted as `NOW`. For example, to simply search over the last hour:
```

Timeframes are always aligned to one second boundaries. Sub-second timeframes will be automatically rounded down to the second.
```

```{note}

> The start time cannot come after the end time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A negative end time cannot be used without defining an earlier start time.
```

### Time constraint arithmetic

```{note}

> START and END always reference the start and end times of the main query, even if used in the main query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
START and END always reference the start and end times of the main query regardless of whether they are used in the main query or the inner part of a compound query.
```
